Add SARIF JSON Reporter (#5516)
realm/SwiftLint: CHANGELOG.md

#### Enhancements

> * Add a reporter that outputs SARIF format JSON for tools
>   like Datadog.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a reporter that outputs violations in the Static
  Analysis Results Interchange Format (SARIF).  
```
